# CornerGrocer

This project's instructions were to create a C++ program that reads a file containing produce items and the amount of times they were purchased during a day, and create a backup file of this information. Then prompt the user with a menu so they can retrieve this information for: a single item, all the items with a number, or all the items with the frequency represented as a histogram, and include an option to exit the program. I think I did a good job with identifying each part of code, and formatting it in a way that is easy to read.

I could have included input validation, that would make the program easier to use and shorten the time the user intereacted with the program, as they would not have to enter the item name exactly as it is written in the input file. I could have made the histogram part more interesting to look at, maybe by using a different character or making it a different color. I could have made my program more secure by making some parts of it private, or by using OOP practices. That would reduce the possibility of problems. 

A challenging part of code was formatting the output, for menu option 2 and 3. I used several resources, a book called C++ Primer has been very helpful to me during this class. I also used what I learned from different YouTube videos, a channel called CodeBeauty, and websites such as w3schools.com and cplusplus.com. I learned a lot about using the map library and I think that knowledge will transfer to other projects because it seems like a very useful tool for organizing lots of data. I made this program readable by properly spacing each part of code, and by including in line comments to identify the different parts. I think there is room for improvement to make it more maintanable and adaptable. 
 
